50286 James's eyes were hazel, his nose was slightly longer than Harry's and there was no scar on his forehead, but they had the same thin face, same mouth, same eyebrows; James's hair stuck up at the back exactly as Harry's did, his hands could have been Harry's and Harry could tell that, when James stood up, they would be within an inch of each other in height.
48188 I didn't practise, I didn't bother, I could've stopped myself having those dreams, Hermione kept telling me to do it, if I had he'd never have been able to show me where to go, and-Sirius wouldn't-Sirius wouldn't-'Something was erupting inside Harry's head: a need to justify himself, to explain-I tried to check he'd really taken Sirius, I went to Umbridge's office, I spoke to Kreacher in the fire and he said Sirius wasn't there, he said he'd gone!
39986 Little Ginny's been writing in it for months and months, telling me all her pitiful worries and woes - how her brothers tease her, how she had to come to school with secondhand robes and books, how - Riddle's eyes glinted - how she didn't think famous, good, great Harry Potter would ever like herAll the time he spoke, Riddle's eyes never left Harry's face.
39455 I mean, it was really great of you and everything,' said Hermione quickly, looking positively petrified at the look on Harry's face, everyone thought it was a wonderful thing to do-'That's funny,' said Harry through gritted teeth, because I definitely remember Ron saying I'd wasted time acting the hero .
39438 Harry, Ginny and Neville and each of the Death Eaters turned in spite of themselves to watch the top of the tank as a brain burst from the green liquid like a leaping fish: for a moment it seemed suspended in midair, then it soared towards Ron, spinning as it came, and what looked like ribbons of moving images flew from it, unravelling like rolls of film-Ha ha ha, Harry, look at it-' said Ron, watching it disgorge its gaudy innards, Harry, come and touch it; bet it's weird-'RON, NO!
39142 It's just a cut -it's nothing-it's-'But Ron had grabbed Harry's forearm and pulled the back of Harry's hand up level with his eyes.
38012 Harry could not see why: the hall was quite empty but for themselves, the sobbing Bellatrix still trapped under the witch statue, and the baby phoenix Fawkes croaking feebly on the floor-'Then Harry's scar burst open and he knew he was dead: it was pain beyond imagining, pain past endurance-He was gone from the hall, he was locked in the coils of a creature with red eyes, so tightly bound that Harry did not know where his body ended and the creatures began: they were fused together, bound by pain, and there was no escape-And when the creature spoke, it used Harry's mouth, so that in his agony he felt his jaw move .
37731 It's been hurting on and off all summer-it was just a bit worse tonight, that's all-'Harry, I'm sure Dumbledore would want to be bothered by this-' Yeah,' said Harry, before he could stop himself, that's the only bit of me Dumbledore cares about, isn't it, my scar?
37499 The whole time you're sure you know there's nothing between you and dying except your own-your own brain or guts or whatever-like you can think straight when you know you're about a nanosecond from being murdered, or tortured, or watching your friends die- they've never taught us that in their classes, what it's like to deal with things like that-and you two sit there acting like I'm a clever little boy to be standing here, alive, like Diggory was stupid, like he messed up-you just don't get it, that could just as easily have been me, it would have been if Voldemort hadn't needed me-'We weren't saying anything like that, mate,' said Ron, looking aghast.
37274 'See, I wouldn't ave left,' said Mundungus, leaning forward, a pleading note in his voice, but I ad a business opportunity-'Harry felt something brush against his knees and started, but it was only Crookshanks, Hermione's bandy-legged ginger cat, who wound himself once around Harry's legs, purring, then jumped on to Sirius's lap and curled up.
35490 First came Neville with Dean and Lavender, who were closely followed by Parvati and Padma Patil with (Harry's stomach did a back-flip) Cho and one of her usually-giggling girlfriends, then (on her own and looking so dreamy she might have walked in by accident) Luna Lovegood; then Katie Bell, Alicia Spinnet and Angelina Johnson, Colin and Dennis Creevey Ernie Macmillan, Justin Finch-Fletchley, Hannah Abbott, a Hufflepuff girl with a long plait clown her back whose name Harry did not know; three Ravenclaw boys he was pretty sure were called Anthony Goldstein, Michael Corner and Terry Boot, Ginny, closely followed by a tall skinny blond boy with an upturned nose whom Harry recognised vaguely as being a member of the Hufflepuff Quidditch team and, bringing up the rear, Fred and George Weasley with their friend Lee Jordan, all three of whom were carrying large paper bags crammed with Zonko's merchandise.
35309 You hold Ginny's other hand-Harry tucked the sword and the Sorting Hat into his belt, Ron took hold of the back of Harry's robes, and Harry reached out and took hold of Fawkes's strangely hot tail feathers.
34605 Harry knew he shouldn't have risen to Dudley's bait, but Dudley had said the very thing Harry had been thinking himself maybe he didn't have any friends at HogwartsWish they could see famous Harry Potter now , he thought savagely as he spread manure on the flower beds, his back aching, sweat running down his face.
34598 Luna said vaguely that she did not know how soon Rita's interview with Harry would appear in The Quibbler, that her father was expecting a lovely long article on recent sightings of Crumple-Horned Snorkacks, -and of course, that'll be a very important story, so Harry's might have to wait for the following issue,' said Luna.
34371 ' he muttered, but Ron shook his head, and Hermione said quietly, We knew you'd be angry, Harry, we really don't blame you, but you've got to understand, we did try to persuade Dumbledore-'Yeah, I know,' said Harry grudgingly.
34355 I'm the one Voldemort's trying to use, that's why they've got guards around me everywhere I go, it's not for my protection, it's for other people's, only it's not working, they can't have someone on me all the time at Hogwarts .
34268 You're too-' Harry began, but Ginny said fiercely, I'm three years older than you were when you fought You-Know-Who over the Philosophers Stone, and it's because of me that Malfoy's stuck back in Umbridge's office with giant flying bogies attacking him-'Yeah, but-'We were all in the DA together,' said Neville quietly.
34207 'Hagrid,' said Hermione breathlessly, skirting the patch of nettles they had passed on their way there, if the centaurs don't want humans in the Forest, it doesn't really look as though Harry and I will be able-'Ah, you heard what they said,' said Hagrid dismissively, they wouldn't hurt foals-I mean, kids.
34158 If you could hear him when he thinks no one's listening, oh, he's always talking about the goblins he's had done in; he's had them drowned, he's had them dropped off buildings, he's had them poisoned, he's had them cooked in pies.
33637 It was over in two breathless, desperate, windswept seconds-Harry's fingers closed around the tiny, struggling ball-Malfoy's fingernails scrabbled the back of Harry's hand hopelessly-Harry pulled his broom upwards, holding the struggling ball in his hand and the Gryffindor spectators screamed their approval .
33613 He kept saying nobody in their right mind would rather study Knarls than Chimaeras-oh, I don't think he's got a Chimaera,' she added at the appalled look on Harry and Ron's faces, but that's not for lack of trying, from what he said about how hard it is to get eggs.
33553 When we heard-and that Ministry hearing-it's just outrageous, I've looked it all up, they can't expel you, they just can't, there's provision in the Decree for the Reasonable Restriction of Underage Sorcery for the use of magic in life-threatening situations-'Let him breathe, Hermione,' said Ron, grinning as he closed the door behind Harry.
33179 They were called upon to supervise the decoration of the castle ('You try putting up tinsel when Peeves has got the other end and is trying to strangle you with it,' said Ron), to watch over first- and second-years spending their break-times inside because of the bitter cold ('And they're cheeky little snot-rags, you know, we definitely weren't that rude when we were in first year,' said Ron) and to patrol the corridors in shifts with Argus Filch, who suspected that the holiday spirit might show itself in an outbreak of wizard duels ('He's got dung for brains, that one,' said Ron furiously).
33133 It doesn't matter,' Hermione whispered, he's not in his right mind, he doesn't know what he's-'Don't kid yourself, Hermione, he knows exactly what he's saying,' said Fred, eyeing Kreacher with great dislike.
32994 The Ministry's keepin' an eye on Dumbledore an' anyone they reckon's in league with im, an'-'We know about that,' said Harry quickly, keen to hear the rest of Hagrid's story, we know about the Ministry watching Dumbledore-'So you couldn't use magic to get there?
32878 Harry - oh, Harry - I tried to tell you at b-breakfast, but I c-couldn't say it in front of Percy - it was me, Harry - but I - I s-swear I d-didn't mean to - R-Riddle made me, he t-took me over - and - how did you kill that - that thing?
32672 'He's been alone too long,' said Sirius, taking mad orders from my mother's portrait and talking to himself, but he was always a foul little-'If you could just set him free,' said Hermione hopefully, maybe-'We can't set him free, he knows too much about the Order,' said Sirius curtly.
32380 Harry's parents had died in Voldemort's attack, but Harry had escaped with his lightning scar, and somehow - nobody understood why -Voldemort's powers had been destroyed the instant he had failed to kill Harry.
32194 well, Harry here had the idea-I mean' (Harry had thrown her a sharp look) I had the idea-that it might be good if people who wanted to study Defence Against the Dark Arts-and I mean, really study it, you know, not the rubbish that Umbridge is doing with us- (Hermione's voice became suddenly much stronger and more confident) - because nobody could call that Defence Against the Dark Arts-' ('Hear, hear,' said Anthony Goldstein, and Hermione looked heartened) -Well, I thought it would be good if we, well, took matters into our own hands.
31860 Then he ripped open Hermione's letter and read it out loud:`Dear Ron, and Harry if you're there,`I hope everything went all right and that Harry is okay and that you didn't do anything illegal to get him out, Ron, because that would get Harry into trouble, too.
31056 Was he, Harry, Ron's best friend in the world, going to sulk because he didn't have a badge, laugh with the twins behind Ron's back, ruin this for Ron when, for the first time, he had beaten Harry at something?
30843 For a few seconds they struggled, Harry pulling at his uncle's sausage-like fingers with his left hand, his right maintaining a firm grip on his raised wand; then, as the pain in the top of Harry's head gave a particularly nasty throb, Uncle Vernon yelped and released Harry as though he had received an electric shock.
30614 If some far-fetched story appears, they say something like, A tale worthy of Harry Potter", and if anyone has a funny accident or anything it's, Let's hope he hasn't got a scar on his forehead or we'll be asked to worship him next"-'I don't want anyone to worship-' Harry began hotly.
30588 I have already said that it was a mistake for me not to teach you myself, though I was sure, at the time, that nothing could have been more dangerous than to open your mind even further to Voldemort while in my presence-'Snape made it worse, my scar always hurt worse after lessons with him-' Harry remembered Ron's thoughts on the subject and plunged on -how do you know he wasn't trying to soften me up for Voldemort, make it easier for him to get inside my- 'I trust Severus Snape,' said Dumbledore simply.
30553 Dobby hid and watched for Harry Potter and sealed the gateway and Dobby had to iron his hands afterward - he showed Harry ten long, bandaged fingers - but Dobby didn't care, sir, for he thought Harry Potter was safe, and never did Dobby dream that Harry Potter would get to school another way!
30366 I'll just say this: Dumbledore must have had his reasons for not wanting Harry to know too much, and speaking as someone who has Harry's best interests at heart-'He's not your son,' said Sirius quietly.
30218 'Harry,' said Ron, pulling Harry's ear down to his mouth and still giggling weakly, you know who this girl is, Harry?
30071 Put your arm round my neck-'Neville did so- Harry heaved-Neville's legs were still lying in every direction, they would not support him, and then, out of nowhere, a man lunged at them: both fell backwards, Neville's legs waving wildly like an overturned beetle's, Harry with his left arm held up in the air to try to save the small glass ball from being smashed.
29853 Oh, very well,' said the wizard called Phineas, eyeing the wand with mild apprehension, though he may well have destroyed my picture by now, he's done away with most of the family-'Sirius knows not to destroy your portrait,' said Dumbledore, and Harry realised immediately where he had heard Phineas's voice before: issuing from the apparently empty frame in his bedroom in Grimmauld Place.
29655 'I mean,' said Malfoy, raising his voice a little more, his grey eyes glittering malevolently in Harry and Ron's direction, if it's a question of influence with the Ministry, I don't think they've got much chance .
29640 'Look,' said Hermione, intervening swiftly, that's really not what this meeting was supposed to be about-'It's OK, Hermione,' said Harry.
29541 'It happened in a fraction of a second: in the infinitesimal pause before Dumbledore said three', Harry looked up at him-they were very close together-and Dumbledore's clear blue gaze moved from the Portkey to Harry's face.
28976 But McGonagall said we've got to stay in our tower unless we're in class-I think, said Harry, more quietly still, it's time to get my dad's old cloak out again.
28958 If he, Harry, had not been stupid enough to fall for Voldemort's trick, if he had not been so convinced that what he had seen in his dream was real, if he had only opened his mind to the possibility that Voldemort was, as Hermione had said, banking on Harry's love of playing the hero .
28946 'Harry seized Neville by the shoulder of his robes and lifted him bodily on to the first tier of stone steps; Neville's legs twitched and jerked and would not support his weight; Harry heaved again with all the strength he possessed and they climbed another step-'A spell hit the stone bench at Harry's heel; it crumbled away and he fell back to the step below.
28893 But Harry, you've just said it,' said Hermione fiercely, Dumbledore wanted you to learn to shut these things out of your mind, if you'd done Occlumency properly you'd never have seen this-'IF YOU THINK I'M JUST GOING TO ACT LIKE I HAVEN'T SEEN-'Sirius told you there was nothing more important than you learning to close your mind!
28748 Mungo's in the first place, though as Lockhart had been attempting to permanently wipe Harry and Ron's memories at the time, Harry's sympathy was limited.
28733 Come on, said Harry quietly and the six of them sprinted off down the hall, Harry in the lead, past the fountain towards the desk where the watchwizard who had weighed Harry's wand had sat, and which was now deserted.
28382 Don't be silly,' said Hermione vaguely, Harry's liked her for ages, haven't you, Harry?
28376 But he's really busy now, we've only seen him twice since we came here and he didn't have much time, he just made us swear not to tell you important stuff when we wrote, he said the owls might be intercepted-'He could still've kept me informed if he'd wanted to,' Harry said shortly.
27584 Harry, look what's happen-No-no-I don't like it-no, stop-stop-'But the thin ribbons were spinning around Ron's chest now; he tugged and tore at them as the brain was pulled tight against him like an octopus's body.
27488 Harry Potter survived, and the Dark Lord's power was broken, and it was a new dawn, sir, and Harry Potter shone like a beacon of hope for those of us who thought the Dark days would never end, sit And now, at Hogwarts, terrible things are to happen, are perhaps happening already, and Dobby cannot let Harry Potter stay here now that history is to repeat itself, now that the Chamber of Secrets is open once more.
27368 Harry,' he said, as Dean and Seamus clattered around noisily, pulling off their robes and talking, you've got to tell-'I haven't got to tell anyone,' said Harry shortly.
27279 I know, I know - it's not quite as good as winning Witch Weekly's Most Charming Smile Award five times in a row, as I have - but it's a start , Harry, it's a start .
27228 So,' said Snape, gripping Harry's arm so tightly Harry's hand was starting to feel numb.
27184 He said he's been having to struggle against Dad's lousy reputation ever since he joined the Ministry and that Dad's got no ambition and that's why we've always been-you know-not had a lot of money, I mean-'What?
27115 Jupiter's biggest moon is Ganymede, not Callisto,' she said, pointing over Ron's shoulder at a line in his Astronomy essay, and it's Io that's got the volcanoes.
27016 'We wanted to talk toyou, Harry,' said Ginny, but as you've been hiding ever since we got back-'I didn't want anyone to talk to me,' said Harry, who was feeling more and more nettled.
27003 It's her thing about half-breeds all over again-she's trying to make out Hagrid's some kind of dimwitted troll, just because he had a giantess for a mother-and oh, it's not fair, that really wasn't a bad lesson at all-I mean, all right, if it had been Blast-Ended Skrewts again, but Thestrals are fine-in fact, for Hagrid, they're really good!
26992 No, no, it's not the toilet, it's the Potter boy's hearing-they've changed the time and venue-it starts at eight o'clock now and it's down in old Courtroom Ten-'Down in old- but they told me-Merlin's beard-'Mr.
26946 'One more word about Harry's love life and the deal's off and that's a promise,' said Hermione irritably.
26804 'That's exactly what he thinks you're doing,' said Sirius, or, rather, that's exactly what he's afraid Dumbledore's doing-forming his own private army, with which he will be able to take on the Ministry of Magic.
26670 It can't be, Harry could get through all the doors in his dream,' said Hermione, marking the door with another fiery cross as Harry replaced the now-useless handle of Sirius's knife in his pocket.
26647 I do not think Sirius took me very seriously, or that he ever saw Kreacher as a being with feelings as acute as a human's-'Don't you blame -don't you-talk-about Sirius like-' Harry's breath was constricted, he could not get the words out properly; but the rage that had subsided briefly flared in him again: he would not let Dumbledore criticise Sirius.
26637 But, sir - Dobby's voice dropped to an urgent whisper - there are powers Dumbledore doesn't powers no decent wizardAnd before Harry could stop him, Dobby bounded off the bed, seized Harry's desk lamp, and started beating himself around the head with earsplitting yelps.
26525 It's about preparing ourselves, like Harry said in Umbridge's first lesson, for what's waiting for us out there.
26493 Right-yeah,' said Harry distractedly; it was his last chance to tell Sirius to be careful; he turned, looked into his godfather's face and opened his mouth to speak, but before he could do so Sirius was giving him a brief, one-armed hug, and saying gruffly, Look after yourself, Harry.
26476 But I stand by what I said before - Harry's heart leapt - you would have done well in Slytherin-Harry's stomach plummeted.
26372 The snake's tail thrashed, narrowly missing Harry, and before Harry could shut his eyes, it turned - Harry looked straight into its face and saw that its eyes, both its great, bulbous yellow eyes, had been punctured by the phoenix; blood was streaming to the floor, and the snake was spitting in agony.
26271 You know, we probably should try and get more homework done during the week,' Harry muttered to Ron, as they finally laid aside Professor McGonagall's long essay on the Inanimatus Conjurus Spell and turned miserably to Professor Sinistra's equally long and difficult essay about Jupiter's many moons.
26191 ' -and it's Warrington again,' bellowed Lee, who passes to Pucey, Pucey's off past Spinnet, come on now, Angelina, you can take him - turns out you can't-but nice Bludger from Fred Weasley I mean, George Weasley, oh, who cares, one of them, anyway, and Warrington drops the Quaffle and Katie Bell-er-drops it, too-so that's Montague with the Quaffle, Slytherin Captain Montague takes the Quaffle and he's off up the pitch, come on now, Gryffindor, block him!
26062 'Yeah, and Dumbledore said it happened whenever Voldemort was feeling a powerful emotion,' said Harry, ignoring, as usual, Ron and Hermione's winces.
25798 We'd better get him to Hagrid's, it's nearest, said Harry to Hermione, who nodded bravely, and the pair of them pulled Ron up by the arms.
25750 Ron's lip was bleeding on to Umbridge's carpet as he struggled against Warrington's half-nelson; Ginny was still trying to stamp on the feel of the sixth-year girl who had both her upper arms in a tight grip; Neville was turning steadily more purple in the face while lugging at Crabbe's arms; and Hermione was attempting, in vain, to throw Millicent Bulstrode off her.
25724 'Sorry,' said Harry quickly, I didn't mean-I was just surprised, that's all-'It doesn't matter, don't apologise,' Sirius mumbled.
25710 I know her by reputation and I'm sure she's no Death Eater-'She's foul enough to be one,' said Harry darkly, and Ron and Hermione nodded vigorously in agreement.
25689 Course, this lot don' get a lot o' work, it's mainly jus' pullin' the school carriages unless Dumbledore's takin' a long journey an' don' want ter Apparate-an' here's another couple, look-'Two more horses came quietly out of the trees, one of them passing very close to Parvati, who shivered and pressed herself closer to the tree, saying, I think I felt something, I think it's near me!
25669 But doing magic in front of those Muggles you live with-I told you, I didn't - but it'll take too long to explain now - look, can you tell them at Hogwarts that the Dursleys have locked me up and won't let me come back, and obviously I can't magic myself out, because the Ministry'll think that's the second spell I've done in three days, so-Stop gibbering, said Ron.
25601 Fawkes went whooshing past Harry's ear and settled on Dumbledore's shoulder, just as Harry found himself and Ron being swept into Mrs.
25373 No - don't - said Harry weakly, but Lockhart was twirling his wand and a second later had directed it straight at Harry's arm.
25345 Harry had slipped through Voldemort's clutches for a second time, but it had been a narrow escape, and even now, weeks later, Harry kept waking in the night, drenched in cold sweat, wondering where Voldemort was now, remembering his livid face, his wide, mad eyes-Harry suddenly sat bolt upright on the garden bench.
25198 Yes,' said Harry, lifting Hedwig carefully off his shoulder, she turned up after the other post owls and her wing's all funny, look-'Professor Grubbly-Plank stuck her pipe firmly between her teeth and took Hedwig from Harry while Professor McGonagall watched.
25173 He heard Sirius walking down the hall, then the clattering of the chain on the front door, and then a deep voice he recognised as Kingsley Shacklebolt's saying, Hestia's just relieved me, so she's got Moody's Cloak now, thought I'd leave a report for Dumbledore.
25016 Flying a car right into the Whomping Willow, people'll be talking about that one for years-Good for you, said a fifth year Harry had never spoken to; someone was patting him on the back as though he'd just won a marathon; Fred and George pushed their way to the front of the crowd and said together, Why couldn't we've come in the car, eh?
25015 He didn't give us details, he didn't tell us exactly how Diggory got murdered, I think we'd all like to know-'If you've come to hear exactly what it looks like when Voldemort murders someone I can't help you,' Harry said.
25001 Maybe it's not Harry's fault he can't close his mind,' said Ron darkly.
24993 But to Harry's and Ron's utter amazement, stage one of the operation went just as smoothly as Hermione had said.
24918 'Seamus reckons Harry's lying about You-Know-Who,' said Ron succinctly, when Harry did not respond.
24892 He's only fifteen and- '-and he's dealt with as much as most in the Order,' said Sirius, and more than some-'No one's denying what he's done!
24795 Or perhaps,' said Malfoy, leering as he backed away, you can remember what your mother's house stank like, Potter, and Weasley's pigsty reminds you of it-'Harry was not aware of releasing George, all he knew was that a second later both of them were sprinting towards Malfoy.
24788 'Hermione rolled her eyes, but Harry's spirits soared: the thought of Christmas at The Burrow was truly wonderful, though slightly marred by Harry's guilty feeling that he would not be able to spend the holiday with Sirius.
24751 Harry Potter mustn't be angry Dobby hoped if Harry Potter thought his friends had forgotten him Harry Potter might not want to go back to school, sirHarry wasn't listening.
24743 I don't care, I don't need my wand, I'm going to kill him with my bare hands-Hurry up, I've got to take you all to Herbology, barked Snape over the class's heads, and off they marched, with Harry, Ron, and Dean bringing up the rear, Ron still trying to get loose.
24743 I don't care, I don't need my wand, I'm going to kill him with my bare hands-Hurry up, I've got to take you all to Herbology, barked Snape over the class's heads, and off they marched, with Harry, Ron, and Dean bringing up the rear, Ron still trying to get loose.
24709 he shouted, and ignoring Ron's and Hermione's bewildered faces, he ran up the next flight of steps three at a time, trying to listen over his own pounding footsteps - Harry hurtled around the whole of the second floor, Ron and Hermione panting behind him, not stopping until they turned a corner into the last, deserted passage.
24588 I'll carry her-you're bedder at fighding dem dan I ab-He stood up and seized one of Hermione's arms, glaring at Harry, who hesitated, then grabbed the other and helped hoist Hermione's limp form over Neville's shoulders.
24503 When at last the surrounding area was quite clear, Hermione said quietly, I think that's as good as we're going to get, Harry-come on, let's do it.
24462 That's what I told Ginny, said Percy fiercely, but she still seems to think you're going to be expelled, I've never seen her so upset, crying her eyes out, you might think of her , all the first years are thoroughly overexcited by this business-You don't care about Ginny, said Ron, whose ears were now reddening.
24448 Harry threw his new homework diary at him; it hit the wall opposite and fell to the floor where it said happily: If you've dotted the i"s and crossed the t"s then you may do whatever you please!
24417 I've just got one question, Dobby, said Harry as Dobby pulled on Harry's sock with shaking hands.
24261 Well, it's like Hagrid said, they can look after themselves,' said Hermione impatiently, and I suppose a teacher like Grubbly-Plank wouldn't usually show them to us before NEWT level, but, well, they are very interesting, aren't they?
24208 But I don't think he can be possessing her the way he possessed Quirrell, I mean, he's properly alive again now, isn't he, he's got his own body, he wouldn't need to share someone else's.
24179 His potion had been no worse than Ron's, which was now giving off a foul odour of bad eggs; or Neville's, which had achieved the consistency of just-mixed cement and which Neville was now having to gouge out of his cauldron; yet it was he, Harry, who would be receiving zero marks for the day's work.
24170 Wait,' said Harry, snatching up Hermione's wand from the floor and shoving it into Neville's hand, you'd better take this.
24135 Thanks for the Broom Compass, it's excellent; beats Hermione's-she got me a homework planner-'Harry sorted through his presents and found one with Hermione's handwriting on it.
24112 'Harry,' said Ron, giggling weakly, lurching forwards, seizing the front of Harry's robes and gazing at him with unfocused eyes, there you are .
24063 'Harry did not know what hagger' meant, or what language it was from, nor did he much care; he was watching Grawp's feet, which were almost as long as Harry's whole body.
24049 For heaven's sake, Harry, said Hermione, exasperated, as one of Ron's bishops wrestled her knight off his horse and dragged him off the board.
24025 ' said Harry, trying to sound casual, yeah, I thought I'd like-'Don't be so ridiculous,' said Hermione, straightening up and looking at him as though she could not believe her eyes.
23960 Lupin looked sideways at Sirius, then said, Look, Harry, what you've got to understand is that your father and Sirius were the best in the school at whatever they did- everyone thought they were the height of cool-if they sometimes got a bit carried away-'If we were sometimes arrogant little berks, you mean,' said Sirius.
23806 The moment they reached Gryffindor's, Ginny was hailed by some fellow fourth-years and left to sit with them; Harry, Ron, Hermione and Neville found seats together about halfway down the table between Nearly Headless Nick, the Gryffindor house ghost, and Parvati Patil and Lavender Brown, the last two of whom gave Harry airy, overly-friendly greetings that made him quite sure they had stopped talking about him a split second before.
23797 'It's all right,' said a dreamy voice from beside Harry as Ron vanished into the coach's dark interior.
23732 I wouldn't've-she just sort of came at me-and next thing she's crying all over me-I didn't know what to do-'Don't blame you, mate,' said Ron, looking alarmed at the very thought.
23729 Oh, no, Professor, see-Harry, Harry, Harry, said Lockhart, reaching out and grasping his shoulder.
23642 He raised the sword in both his hands-The basilisk lunged again, and this time its aim was true - Harry threw his whole weight behind the sword and drove it to the hilt into the roof of the serpent's mouth-But as warm blood drenched Harry's arms, he felt a searing pain just above his elbow.
23595 ' said Harry fearfully, as Ron continued to giggle, still hanging off the front of Harry's robes.
23594 Voldemort was after your timeVoldemort, said Riddle softly, is my past, present, and future, Harry PotterHe pulled Harry's wand from his pocket and began to trace it through the air, writing three shimmering words:TOM MARVOLO RIDDLEThen he waved the wand once, and the letters of his name rearranged themselves:I AM LORD VOLDEMORTYou see?
23576 ' The hand released him at once-They were at the end of row ninety-seven; Harry turned right and began to sprint in earnest; he could hear footsteps right behind him and Hermione's voice urging Neville on; straight ahead, the door through which they had come was ajar; Harry could see the glittering light of the bell jar; he pelted through the doorway, the prophecy still clutched tight and safe in his hand, and waited for the others to hurtle over the threshold before slamming the door behind them-Colloportus!
23523 But the Weasleys gave a gigantic tug and Harry's leg slid out of Uncle Vernon's grasp - Harry was in the car - he'd slammed the door shut-Put your foot down, Fred!
23472 'The moment he had said this he wished he hadn't-Cedric had been Cho's boyfriend and the memory of his death must have affected her holiday almost as badly as it had affected Harry's.
23453 Let's go, then,' said Sirius, clapping Harry on the shoulder and smiling grimly, and before Harry could say anything else, they were heading upstairs, stopping before the heavily chained and bolted front door, surrounded by Weasleys.
23417 It sounds great when you say it like that, but all that stuff was luck-I didn't know what I was doing half the time, I didn't plan any of it, I just did whatever I could think of, and I nearly always had help-'Ron and Hermione were still smirking and Harry felt his temper rise; he wasn't even sure why he was feeling so angry.
23359 Well, it doesn't matter, anyway,' said Harry through gritted teeth, because we still don't know how to get there-'I thought we'd settled that,' said Luna maddeningly.
23345 'I know, mate,' said Ron sympathetically, tipping bacon on to Harry's plate, she's bang out of order.
23344 Montague catches the Quaffle, Montague heading back up the pitch and-nice Bludger there from George Weasley, that's a Bludger to the head for Montague, he drops the Quaffle, caught by Katie Bell, Katie Bell of Gryffindor reverse-passes to Alicia Spinnet and Spinnet's away-'Lee Jordan's commentary rang through the stadium and Harry listened as hard as he could through the wind whistling in his ears and the din of the crowd, all yelling and booing and singing.
23305 'Any time, Harry Potter, sir,' said Dobby, looking delighted at Harry's enthusiasm.
23271 'Kreacher would never move anything from its proper place in Master's house,' said the elf, then muttered very fast, Mistress would never forgive Kreacher if the tapestry was thrown out, seven centuries it's been in the family, Kreacher must save it, Kreacher will not let Master and the blood traitors and the brats destroy it-'I thought it might be that,' said Sirius, casting a disdainful look at the opposite wall.
23245 Then she'll be feeling guilty, thinking it's an insult to Cedric's memory to be kissing Harry at all, and she'll be worrying about what everyone else might say about her if she starts going out with Harry.
23236 ' Harry said to Neville, pulling him aside as Sirius and his Death Eater lurched past, duelling so fiercely that their wands were blurs; then Harry's foot made contact with something round and hard and he slipped.
23207 'It's not my fault you haven't been told what the Order's doing,' said Sirius calmly, that's your parents' decision.
23203 Nobody could quite believe their ears until she looked directly at Harry and Ron and said grimly, I've become accustomed to seeing the Quidditch Cup in my study, boys, and I really don't want to have to hand it over to Professor Snape, so use the extra time to practise, won't you?
23191 Harry's third detention passed in the same way as the previous two, except that after two hours the words I must not tell lies' did not fade from the back of Harry's hand, but remained scratched there, oozing droplets of blood.
23117 Only let's make it stand for Dumbledore's Army, because that's the Ministry's worst fear, isn't it?
23113 What Cornelius doesn't know won't hurt him,' said Umbridge, who was now panting slightly as she pointed her wand at different parts of Harry's body in turn, apparently trying to decide where it would hurt most.
23048 And that's not to mention,' said Cho (Harry's eyes snapped across to her; she was looking at him, smiling; his stomach did another somersault) all the tasks he had to get through in the Triwizard Tournament last year-getting past dragons and merpeople and Acromantula and things .
22953 'Well, that's nothing to be ashamed of,' said Fred, who had just arrived at the table with George and Lee Jordan and was sitting down on Harry's right.
22951 ' Harry Potter, Ron Weasley, Hermione Granger,' Harry said very quickly, Ginny Weasley, Neville Longbottom, Luna Lovegood .
22887 ' Harry knew from the look of concern on Hagrid's face that he was not referring to Harry's physical well-being.
22844 Well,' said Harry, considering the matter, I s'pose he's older, isn't he .
22776 Harry caught Ron's eye and knew that Ron was thinking exactly the same as he was: they both knew that Professor Trelawney was an old fraud, but on the other hand, they loathed Umbridge so much that they felt very much on Trelawney's side-until she swooped down on them a few seconds later, that is.
22756 Hermione, we know Millicent Bulstrode's ugly, no one's going to know it's you-No - really - I don't think I'll come.
22729 Firenze said they're angry because he went to work for Dumbledore,' Harry said, tripping on a protruding root because he was busy watching Hagrid's profile.
22725 Fortunately, Malfoy didn't notice, and Harry, thinking fast, said, You must have some idea who's behind it allYou know I haven't, Goyle, how many times do I have to tell you?
22706 'Both Harry's and the Death Eater's wands flew out of their hands and soared back towards the entrance to the Hall of Prophecy; both scrambled to their feet and charged after them, the Death Eater in front, Harry hot on his heels, and Neville bringing up the rear, plainly horrorstruck by what he had done.
22698 Something wet touched Harry's hand and he jumped backward, crushing Ron's foot, but it was only Fang's nose.
22698 Something wet touched Harry's hand and he jumped backward, crushing Ron's foot, but it was only Fang's nose.
22568 He's not stupid, he must know your mum and dad wouldn't risk everything without proof-'Yeah, well, your name got dragged into the row,' said Ron, shooting Harry a furtive look.
22546 But Colin didn't stop questioning Harry all the way down the sloping lawns to the Quidditch field, and Harry only shook him off when he reached the changing rooms; Colin called after him in a piping voice, I'll go and get a good seat, Harry!
22532 Professor Dumbledore doesn't think it's a good idea for Sirius to go with you, and I must say I-'-think he's quite right,' said Sirius through clenched teeth.
22532 It's the way you're moving your wand,' said Hermione, watching Ron critically, you don't want to wave it, it's more a sharp jab.
22502 'Harry, Hermione and Neville were all knocked backwards off their feet; Neville was thrown over the desk and disappeared from view; Hermione smashed into a bookcase and was promptly deluged in a cascade of heavy books; the back of Harry's head slammed into the stone wall behind him, tiny lights burst in front of his eyes and for a moment he was too dizzy and bewildered to react.
22495 No, said a voice inside Harry's head, as the memory of Cho drew nearer, you're not watching that, you're not watching it, it's private-He felt a sharp pain in his knee.
22391 'Stop being so cheerful, Mad-Eye, he'll think we're not taking this seriously,' said Tonks, as she strapped Harry's trunk and Hedwig's cage into a harness hanging from her broom.
22358 'Yeah, but if Fawkes hadn't turned up, I-'Third year,' said Ron, louder still, you fought off about a hundred dementors at once-'You know that was a fluke, if the Time-Turner hadn't-'Last year,' Ron said, almost shouting now, you fought off You-know-Who again-'Listen to me!
22351 At the table next to Harry and Ron, Dean had paired up with Neville, who immediately embarked on a long-winded explanation of a nightmare involving a pair of giant scissors wearing his grandmother's best hat; Harry and Ron merely looked at each other glumly.
22348 Hedwig was still angry with Harry about the disastrous car journey and Ron's wand was still malfunctioning, surpassing itself on Friday morning by shooting out of Ron's hand in Charms and hitting tiny old Professor Flitwick squarely between the eyes, creating a large, throbbing green boil where it had struck.
22304 Harry remembered Hagrid mentioning this pub in his first year: Yeh get a lot o' funny folk in the Hog's Head,' he had said, explaining how he had won a dragon's egg from a hooded stranger there.
22228 That was really, really good, Harry,' said Hermione, when finally it was just her, Harry and Ron who were left.
22199 The last thing I r-remember is him coming out of the diary-It's all right, said Harry, holding up the diary, and showing Ginny the fang hole, Riddle's finished.
22182 It's no good turning your beak up at it - that's all we've got, said Harry grimly.
22177 The trouble is,' she said to Harry, until V-Voldemort-oh, for heaven's sake,Ron- comes out into the open, Sirius is going to have to stay hidden, isn't he?
22139 He glanced around to see whether Ron or Hermione had noticed what he had, but Professor Marchbanks came walking behind him at that moment and, not wanting to look as though he was sneaking looks at anyone else's work, Harry hastily bent over his star-chart and pretended to be adding notes to it while really peering over the top of the parapet towards Hagrid's cabin.
22026 ' That's true,' said Harry, sinking into an armchair beside Hermione's.
21993 Nearly Headless Nick, Harry noticed, was still holding Sir Patrick's rejection letterI wish there was something I could do for you about the Headless Hunt, Harry said.
21936 Ron seemed determined to give neither his opinion nor his advice; he would not look at Harry, though when Hermione opened her mouth to try dissuading Harry some more, he said in a low voice, Give it a rest, OK?
21933 He doesn't look good, he's covered in blood, I ran along to Elfrida Cragg's portrait to get a good view as they left-'Good,' said Dumbledore as Ron made a convulsive movement.
21923 Anyway,' she said briskly, let's go to your bedroom, Ron's mum has lit a fire in there and she's sent up sandwiches.
21909 'Harry,' said a hoarse voice in Harry's ear.
21904 It's because he's bursting to say it's really him, said Ron knowingly.
21835 Maybe,' he said again, in a lower voice, he's actually trying to open Harry's mind a bit wider .
21815 When I told him Voldemort had Sirius he just sneered at me as usual-'Harry you know Professor Snape had no choice but to pretend not to take you seriously in front of Dolores Umbridge,' said Dumbledore steadily, but as I have explained, he informed the Order as soon as possible about what you had said.
21790 Oh, that,' said Sirius, grinning, they're always guessing where I am, they haven't really got a clue-'Yeah, but we think this time they have,' said Harry.
21783 Tonks here, for one-she's too young to have been in the Order of the Phoenix last time, and having Aurors on our side is a huge advantage- Kingsley Shacklebolt's been a real asset, too; he's in charge of the hunt for Sirius, so he's been feeding the Ministry information that Sirius is in Tibet.
21734 Harry and Ron hurried down the stone steps into the darkness, their footsteps echoing particularly loudly as Crabbe's and Goyle's huge feet hit the floor, feeling that this wasn't going to be as easy as they had hoped.
21685 Harry, on the other hand-'It's not down to you to decide what's good for Harry!
21579 I wish she hadn't taken points from you, but I think she's right to warn you not to lose your temper with Umbridge,' said Hermione's voice, while Fudge gesticulated forcefully from the front page, clearly giving some kind of speech.
21508 I've warned you, Snivelus,' said Sirius, his face barely a foot from Snape's, I don't care if Dumbledore thinks you've reformed, I know better-' Oh, but why don't you tell him so?
21474 Seeing the shocked look on Harry's face, Ron added, It doesn't hurt them -you've just got to make them really dizzy so they can't find their way back to the gnome holes.
21454 He could remember, as though it were yesterday, the small voice that had spoken in his ear when he'd placed the hat on his head a year before : You could be great, you know, it's all here in your head, and Slytherin would help you on the way to greatness, no doubt about thatBut Harry, who had already heard of Slytherin House's reputation for turning out Dark wizards, had thought desperately, Not Slytherin!
21451 All the air seemed to vanish from Harry's lungs; he felt as though he were falling through the floor; his brain turned icy cold-Ron dead, no, it couldn't be-'But wait a moment, it couldn't be- Ron was downstairs-Mrs.
21448 'Well, come on,' said Hermione, jumping up, we'd better get going, if she's inspecting Binns's class we don't want to be late .
21425 One of the horrible painted kittens behind Umbridge had great round blue eyes just like Mad-Eye Moody's magical one and it had just occurred to Harry what Mad-Eye would say if he ever heard that Harry had drunk anything offered by a known enemy.
21362 'It's s'posed ter look like that, it's dragon meat,' Hagrid said.
21361 CAN'T'VE WANTED TO THAT MUCH, CAN YOU, OR YOU'D HAVE SENT ME AN OWL, BUT DUMBLEDORE MADE YOU SWEAR-'Well, he did-'FOUR WEEKS I'VE BEEN STUCK IN PRIVET DRIVE, NICKING PAPERS OUT OF BINS TO TRY AND FIND OUT WHAT'S BEEN GOING ON-'We wanted to-I SUPPOSE YOU'VE BEEN HAVING A REAL LAUGH, HAVEN'T YOU, ALL HOLED UP HERE TOGETHER-'No, honest-'Harry, we're really sorry!
21329 Thineas Nigellus said Arthur's been badly injured-'Ask Harry,' said Fred.
21326 Weasley,' said Harry slowly, if Fudge is meeting Death Eaters like Malfoy, if he's seeing them alone, how do we know they haven't put the Imperius Curse on him?
21303 Harry - Harry - a boy in my class has been saying you're-But Colin was so small he couldn't fight against the tide of people bearing him toward the Great Hall; they heard him squeak, See you, Harry!
21296 Hermione's bad mood persisted for most of the weekend, though Harry and Ron found it quite easy to ignore as they spent most of Saturday and Sunday revising for Potions on Monday, the exam which Harry had been looking forward to least-and which he was sure would be the downfall of his ambitions to become an Auror.
21248 It's-' said Harry, who was finding this more awkward than he had anticipated, it's just- you're dead.
21171 Sirius had not contacted Harry at all since his last appearance in the fire, and although Harry knew that with Umbridge on constant watch it would be unwise to attempt to contact him, he did not like to think of Sirius alone in his mother's old house, perhaps pulling a lonely cracker with Kreacher.
21152 Aragog said she was found in a bathroom, said Harry, ignoring Neville's snuffling snores from the corner.
21152 Aragog said she was found in a bathroom, said Harry, ignoring Neville's snuffling snores from the corner.
21144 He's Dumbledore's, said Harry, squeezing through himself.
21142 I think, said Hermione, that if we made it sound as though we were just interested in the theory, we might stand a chanceOh, come on, no teacher's going to fall for that, said Ron.
21123 Ernie's words had certainly wiped the smile from Lavender Browns face and as he turned to talk to Ron and Hermione, Harry caught Seamus's expression, which looked both confused and defiant.
21121 Here's an idea,' said Ron loudly, before Harry could speak, why don't you shut your mouth?
21120 But - you must admit it's weirdI know it's weird, said Harry.
21069 Well, I think that went quite well,' said Hermione happily, as she, Harry and Ron walked out of the Hog's Head into the bright sunlight a few moments later.
21035 Professor, said Harry at once, I swear I didn't-This is out of my hands, Potter, said Professor McGonagall curtly.
21000 And now the whole school's going to think you're his great-great-great-great-grandson or something-But I'm not, said Harry, with a panic he couldn't quite explain.
